PM/0 Project by Robert Bieber and Paul Gatterdam

 Compilation
-------------

The included makefile defaults to the target "all", which will compile all
sections of the project.  Simply running "make" in the project directory will
accomplish this. Specific instructions for building and running the individual
targets are provided below, updated as targets are added

 Virtual Machine
-----------------

Compiling the make target "vm" with the command "make vm" will build the PM/0 
virtual machine, with executable name "vm".  The virtual machine takes as
command line input the filename for the machine code file to run.  It can also
take an optional quiet mode flag, "-q", before the file name.  If the -q flag
is set, the VM will not print any diagnostic information, showing only output
generated by the user's program.  For instance, to run the sample input in 
quiet mode, use the command

   ./vm -q input

while in the project directory.


Scanner
--------

Compiling the make target "scanner" with the command "make scanner" will build
the NA'VI/PL scanner, with executable name "scanner".  The scanner takes as 
command line input the filename for the NA'VI/PL file to scan.  It can also 
take an optional quiet mode flag, "-q", before the file name.  If the -q flag 
is set, the scanner will not print any diagnostic information, showing only 
output generated by the user's program.  For instance, to run the sample input 
with full output, use the command

  ./scanner input

while in the project directory.  The scanner will only accept the ASCII 
apostrophe character in input files, and will generate an error if it scans 
a unicode right single quotation character.  If any errors are encountered 
during scanning, the scanner will print error messages indicating the lexeme 
that failed and the line and character in the input file where it was found.  
The scanner will attempt to continue scanning the input file after recovering 
from an error, so erroneous files will generate output, but not necessarily 
what is expected.
